O Canada;;O Canada! Our home and native land! True patriot love in all thy sons command. With glowing hearts we see thee rise, The True Noerth strong and free! From far and wide, O Canada, we stand on guard for thee. God kep our land glorious and free! O Canada, we stand on guard for thee. O Canada, we stand on guard for thee.
Hey Jude;The Beatles;Hey, Jude, don't make it bad Take a sad song and make it better Remember to let her into your heart Then you can start to make it better Hey, Jude, don't be afraid You were made to go out and get her THe minute you let her under your skin Then you begin to make it better And anytime you feel the pain, Hey, Jude, refrain Don't carry the world upon your shoulders For well you know that it's a fool Who plays it cool By making his world a little colder Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah nah Hey, Jude don't let me down You have found her, now go and get her Remember to let her into your heart Then you can start to make it better So let it out and let it in, Hey, Jude, begin You're waiting for someone to perform with And don't you know that it's just you, Hey, Jude, you'll do The movement you need is on your shoulder Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah nah yeah Hey, Jude, don't make it bad Take a sad song and make it better Remember to let her under your skin Then you'll begin to make it better, better, better, better, better... oh! Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude (Jude) Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude (yeah, yeah, yeah) Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude (don't make it bad, Jude) Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude (take a sad song and make it better) Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude (oh, Jude) Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude (Jude, hey, Jude, whoa) Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude (ooh) Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude Nah, nah nah, nah nah, nah, nah, nah nah, Hey, Jude
Play That Song;Train;Play that song The one that makes me go all nigth long The one that makes me think of you That's all you gotta do Hey Miter DJ when you gonna spin it My baby's favorite record She been waiting for a minute She invited all her friends And I'm buying all the rounds And they're all dolled up DJ please don't let me down When you gonna play that song, now When you gonna earn that pay When you gonna play that song And make my day She said Play that song The one that makes me go all night long The one that makes me think of you That's all you gotta do Hey Play that song The one that makes me stay out til dawn The one that makes me go ooh That's all you gotta do Hey Mister Guitar When you gonna strum it My girl just heard this song And you should play it cause she loves it Can you get me off the hook Get them fingers picking now I'll throw some money in your cup Mister please don't let me down When you gonna play that song, now Why you gotta hesitate When you gonna play that song And make my day She said Play that song The one that makes me go all night long The one that makes me think of you That's all you gotta do Hey Play that song The one that makes me stay out til dawn The one that makes me go ooh That's all you gotta do Oh, wait til you see my baby Move, Move, Move Oh, wait til you see my baby Move, Move, Move Oh, come on now Play That song The one that makes her go all night long The one that makes her think of me That's all you gotta do Hey Play that song The one that makes her stay out til dawn The one that makes her go ooh That's all you gotta do That's all you gotta do That's all you gotta do That's all you gotta do
Don't Stop;Fleetwood Mac;If you wake up and don't want to smile If it takes just a little while Open your eyes and look at the day You'll see things in a different way Don't stop thinking about tomorrow Don't stop, it'll soon be here It'll be here better than before Yesterday's gone, yesterday's gone Why not think about times to come? And not about the things that you've done? If your life was bad to you Just think what tomorrow will do Don't stop thinking about tomorrow Don't stop, it'll soon be here It'll be here better than before Yesterday's gone, yesterday's gone All I want is to see you smile If it takes just a little while I knokw you don't believe that it's true I never meant any harm to you Don't stop thinking about tomorrow Don't stop, it'll soon be here It'll be here better than before Yesterday's gone, yesterday's gone Don't stop thinking about tomorrow Don't stop, it'll soon be here It'll be here better than before Yesterday's gone, yesterday's gone Don't you look back Don't you look back Don't you look back Don't you look back
Madness;Muse;(Ma ma ma ma ma ma ma...) I, I can't get these memories out of my mind, And some kind of madness has started to evolve. (Ma ma ma ma ma ma ma...) And I, I tried so hard to let you go, But some kind of madness is swallowing me whole, yeah (Ma ma ma ma ma ma ma...) I have finally seen the light, And I have finally realized What you mean. Ooh ooh ooh And now I need to know is this real love, Or is it just madness keeping us afloat? (Ma ma ma ma ma ma ma...) And when I look back at all the crazy fights we had, Like some kind of madness was taking contol, yeah (Ma ma ma ma ma ma ma...) And now I have finally seen the light, And I have finally realized What you need. Mmmm... (Ma ma ma ma ma ma ma...) But now I have finally seen the end (finally seen the end) And I'm not expecting you to care (expecting you to care) But I have finally seen the light (finally seen the light) I have finally realized (realized) I need your love I need your love Come to me Just in a dream. Come on and rescue me. Yes I know, I can't be wrong, And baby you're too headstrong. Our love is (Ma ma ma ma ma ma ma...) Madness
Tourette's;Nirvana;Moderate rock! Mayday everyday, in my heart Could've had a heart attack, in my heart We don't know anything, in my heart We all want something fair, in my heart Hey!... Out of town, out of sight, is my heart Queen of lies, everyday, in my heart One more at the phone, in my heart One more at the door, at my heart Hey!... Mean heart, cold heart, cold heart, cold heart Cold heart, cold heart, cold heart, cold heart
Feel Good Inc.;Gorillaz;Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha, feel good Shake it, shake it, shake it, feel good Shake it, shake it, shake it, feel good Shake it, shake it, shake it, feel good Shake it, shake it, shake it, feel good Shake it, shake it, shake it, feel good Shake it, shake it, shake it, feel good Shake it, (shake) shake it (shake) shake is, (shake) feel good (shake) Shake it, (shake) shake it (shake) shake is, (shake) feel good (shake) City's breaking down on a camel's back. They just have to go 'cause they don't know wack So all you fill the streets it's appealing to see You won't get out the county, 'cause you're bad and free You've got a new horizon it's ephemeral style. A melancholy town where we never smile. And all I wanna hear is the message beep. My dreams, they've gotta kiss me 'cause I don't get sleep, no windmill, windmill for the land. Turn forever hand in hand Take it all in on your stride It is sinking, falling down Love forever, love is free Let's turn forever, you and me Windmill, windmill for the land Is everybody in? Laughing gas these hazmats, fast cats, Lining them up like ass cracks, Ladies, ponies at the track It's my chocolate attack. Shit, I'm stepping in the heart of this here Care Bear rappin' it harder this year Watch me as I gravitate Hahahahahahaa. Yo, we gonna go ghost town, This motown, with your sound You're in the blink Gonna bite the dust Can't fight with us With your sound You kill the INC. So don't stop, get it, get it Until you jet ahead Yo, watch the way I navigate Hahahahahahaa Shake it, shake it, shake it, feel good Shake it, shake it, shake it, feel good Shake it, shake it, shake it, feel good Shake it, shake it, shake it, feel good windmill, windmill for the land. Turn forever hand in hand Take it all in on your stride It is sinking, falling down Love forever, love is free Let's turn forever, you and me Windmill, windmill for the land Is everybody in? Don't stop, shit it, get it We are your captains in it Steady, Watch me navigate, Ahahahahahhaa. Don't stop, shit it, get it We are your captains in it Steady, Watch me navigate Ahahahahahhaa Feel good Shake it, shake it, shake it, feel good Shake it, shake it, shake it, feel good Shake it, shake it, shake it, feel good Shake it, shake it, shake it, feel good
I Wanna Dance With Somebody;Whitney Houston;Huh, yeah, woo, hey yeah, huh Ooh yeah, uh huh, yeah I want to dance Clock strikes upon the hour And the sun begins to fade Still enough time to figure out How to chase my blues away I've done alright up 'til now It's the light of day that shows me how And when the night falls Loneliness calls Oh! I wanna dance with somebody I wanna feel the heat with somebody Yeah! I wanna dance with somebody With somebody who loves me Oh! I wanna dance with somebody I wanna feel the heat with somebody Yeah! I wanna dance with somebody With somebody who loves me I've been in love and lost my senses Spinning through the town Sooner or later the fever ends And I wind up feeling down I need a man who'll take a chance On a love that burns hot enough to last So when the night falls My lonely heart calls Oh! I wanna dance with somebody I wanna feel the heat with somebody Yeah! I wanna dance with somebody With somebody who loves me Oh! I wanna dance with somebody I wanna feel the heat with somebody Yeah! I wanna dance with somebody With somebody who loves me Somebody who somebody who... somebody who loves me, somebody who somebody who... to hold me in his arms. I need a man who'll take a chance, On a love that burns hot enough to last. So when the night falls, My lonely heart calls. Oh! I wanna dance with somebody I wanna feel the heat with somebody Yeah! I wanna dance with somebody With somebody who loves me Oh! I wanna dance with somebody I wanna feel the heat with somebody Yeah! I wanna dance with somebody With somebody who loves me Uh-huh (Dance) Common, baby (Dance) Woo, yeah (Dance) Now get with this, hahaha Whoa, oh, oh Don't you wanna dance (dance) With me baby? Don't you wanna dance (dance) With me boy? Don't you wanna dance (dance) with me baby? With somebody who loves me Don't you wanna dance? Say you wanna dance? Don't you wanna dance? (Dance) Don't you wanna dance? Say you wanna dance? Don't you wanna dance? (Dance) Don't you wanna dance? Say you wanna dance... (Dance) Uh-huh With Somebody who loves me
Space Oddity;David Bowie;Ground Control to Major Tom Ground Control to Major Tom Take your protein pills and put your helmet on Ground Control to Major Tom Commencing countdown, engines on Check ignition and may God's love be with you Ten, Nine, Eight, Seven, Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, One, Liftoff This is Ground Control to Major Tom You've really made the grade And the papers want to know whose shirts you wear Now it's time to leave the capsule if you dare This is Major Tom to Ground Control I'm stepping through the door And I'm floating in a most peculiar way And the stars look very different today For here Am I sitting in a tin can Far above the world Planet Earth is blue and there's nothing I can do though I'm past one hundred thousand miles I'm feeling very still And I think my spaceship knows which way to go Tell my wife I love her very much she know Ground Control to Major Tom Your circuit's dead, there's something wrong Can you hear me, Major Tom? Can you hear me, Major Tom? Can you hear me, Major Tom? Can you... Here am I floating round my tin can Far above the Moon Planet Earth is blue And there's nothing I can do
What A Wonderful World;Louis Armstrong;I see trees of green, red roses too. I see them bloom, for me and you. And I think to myself, what a wonderful world. I see skies of blue, And clouds of white. The bright blessed day, The dark sacred night. And I think to myself, What a wonderful world. The colors of the rainbow, So pretty in the sky. Are also on the faces, Of people going by, I see friends shaking hands. Saying, "How do you do?" They're really saying, "I love you". I hear babies cry, I watch them grow, They'll learn much more, Than I'll ever know. And I think to myself, What a wonderful world. Yes, I think to myself, What a wonderful world. Oh yeah.
Your Song;Elton John;It's a little bit funny this feeling inside I'm not one of those who can esily hide I don't have much money but by if I did I'd buy a big house where we both could live If I was a sculptor, but then again, no Or a man who makes potions in a traveling show I know it's not much but it's I can do My gift is my song and this one's for you And you can tell everybody this is your song It may be quite simple but now that it's done I hope you don't mind I hope you don't mind that I put down in words How wonderful life is while you're in the world I sat on the roof and kicked off the moss Well a few of the verses well they've got me quite crossBut the sun's been quite kind while I wrote this song It's for people like you that keep it turned on So excuse me forgetting but these things I do you see I've forgotten if they're green or they're blue Anyway the thing is what I really mean Yours are the sweetest eyes I've ever seen And you can tell everybody this is your song It may be quite simple but now that it's done I hope you don't mind I hope you don't mind that I put down in words How wonderful life is while you're in the world
Come On Eileen;Dexys Midnight Runners;(Come On Eileen) (Come On Eileen) Poor old Johnny Ray Sounded sad upon the radio But he moved a million hearts in mono Our mothers cried Sang along Who'd blame them You've grown, so grown Now I must say more than ever (Come On Eileen) Too ra loo ra, Too ra loo rye, aye And we can sing just like our fathers Come On Eileen Oh, I swear what he means (what he means) At this moment you mean everything You in that dress My thoughts I confess Verge on dirty Oh, come on Eileen (Come On Eileen) These people round here Wear beaten-down eyes sunk in smoke-dried faces They're so resigned to what their fate is But not us (no, never) No, not us (no, never) We are far too young and clever (remember) Too ra loo ra, too ra loo rye, aye And you'll hum this tune forever Come on Eileen Oh, I swear what he means Aah, come on let's Take off everything That pretty red dress Eileen (tell him yes) Aah, come on let's Aah, come on Eileen That pretty red dress Eileen (tell him yes) Aah, come on let's Aah, come on Eileen Come on Eileen, too loo rye aye Come on Eileen, too loo rye aye Now you're full grown Now you have shown Oh, Eileen Say, come on Eileen These things they are real and I know How you feel Now I must say more than ever Things round here have changed I say, too ra loo ra, too ra loo rye aye Come on Eileen Oh, I swear (what he means) At this moment, you mean everything You in that dress, my thoughts I confess Verge no dirty Aah, come on Eileen Aah, come on Eileen Oh, I swear (what he means) At this moment, you mean everything You in that dress, my thoughts I confess Well, they're dirty Come on Eileen Come on Eileen...
I Still Haven't Found What I'm looking For;U2;I have climbed highest mountain I have run through the fields only to be with you Only to be with you I have run I have crawled I have scaled these city walls These city walls Only to be with you But I still haven't found what I'm looking for But I still haven't found what I'm looking for I have kissed honey lips Felt the healing in her fingertips It burned like fire This burning desire I have spoke with the tongue of angels I have held the hand of a devil It was warm in the night I was cold as a stone But I still haven't found what I'm looking for But I still haven't found what I'm looking for I believe in the kingdom come Then all the colors will bleed into one Bleed into one Well yes I'm still running You broke the bonds and you Loosed the chains Carried the cross Of my shame Of my shame You know I believed it But I still haven't found what I'm looking for But I still haven't found what I'm looking for But I still haven't found what I'm looking for But I still haven't found what I'm looking for...
Smells Like Teen Spirit;Nirvana;Load up on guns, bring your friends It's fun to lose and to pretend She's over bored and self assured Oh no, I know a dirty word Hello, hello, hello, how low? Hello, hello, hello, how low? Hello, hello, hello, how low? Hello, hello, hello! With the lights out, it's less dangerous Here we are now, entertain us I feel stupid and contagious Here we are now, entertain us A mulatto An albino A mosquito My libido Yeah, hey, yay I'm worse at what I do best And for this gift I feel blessed Our little group has always been And always will until the end Hello, hello, hello, hCader
